DEVDOCS-5220 [feat]: Update Shipping Provider API how-to guide on carrier configurations (#2012)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/store-management/shipping/shipping-provider-api.mdx

### Single-carrier versus multi-carrier apps

> You can only associate one registered shipping carrier with an app. This [registered carrier](#definitions) can provide quotes from multiple downstream carriers.

Reviewer: ❤️

![Multi-carrier quote example](https://storage.googleapis.com/bigcommerce-production-dev-center/images/Multi%20Carrier%20Example.png)

### Carrier configurations

The configurations schema defines the optional settings that can be applied to enhance the user experience.

> If you're unsure about the configurations you may need, you can leave them unspecified for now and request to add them later.

Reviewer: rather than `and request to add them later.` would it be better to say `and update then in a future PUT request.`
The former suggests they are requesting that we add them, the latter is an action on their behalf

Author: > The former suggests they are requesting that we add them, the latter is an action on their behalf.

This is exactly what I want it to mean. This is not an operation that they action themselves and has to be actioned by BigCommerce staff.

There are two types of configuration options: "connection" and "settings". For each configuration option, please provide the following details:

*Code*: An identifier for this option. This identifier and the merchant input value for this configuration will provided on the rate or the check and validate connection options provided endpoints.
*Type*: Choose from valid types such as text, checkbox, select, multiselect, password.
*Label*: Enter the text to be displayed on the BigCommerce control panel for this option.
*Description*: Briefly describe the purpose of this option.

> *Required*: Specify whether this option is mandatory or not.

Reviewer: The context in these descriptions seemed to be a little mixed.
`Choose from valid` vs `An identifier`
It would be good to have a consistent context.
My preference is more descriptive.
for instance `A simple boolean field which sets whether this option is mandatory`, `A brief description of this options purpose`

![Multi-carrier quote example](https://storage.googleapis.com/bigcommerce-production-dev-center/images/Multi%20Carrier%20Example.png)

### Carrier configurations

> The configurations schema defines the optional settings that can be applied to enhance the user experience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The configurations schema is optional and defines the settings that should be provided when setting up a shipping method or carrier connection. BigCommerce then includes these settings in requests it makes to your service.
```

If you're unsure about the configurations you may need, you can leave them unspecified for now and request to add them later.

There are two types of configuration options: "connection" and "settings". For each configuration option, please provide the following details:

*Code*: An identifier for this option. This identifier, along with the merchant's input value for this configuration, will be provided on the rate or check and validate connection endpoints.
*Type*: The display element for this option. Valid types include: `text`, `checkbox`, `select`, `multiselect`, or `password`.
*Label*: Text to be displayed on the BigCommerce control panel for this option.
*Description*: A concise and clear description explaining the purpose of this option.
*Required*: Indicate whether this option is mandatory or optional.

> *Map[only required if the type is select or multiselect]*: Map [only required if the type is select or multiselect]: If the option type is select or multiselect, provide a key-value pair that will be sent.

Reviewer: seems to double up here?

> *Map[only required if the type is select or multiselect]*: If the option type is select or multiselect, provide a key-value pair that will be sent.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Map[only required if the type is select or multiselect]*: If the option type is select or multiselect, provide a key-value pair to send.
```

Here's an example:

> Connection Configurations

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```

```json
[
    {
        "code": "api_token",
        "type": "password",
        "label": "API Token",
        "description": "API token to access the carrier.",
        "required": true
    },
    {
        "code": "account_key",
        "type": "text",
        "label": "Account Key",
        "description": "Client ID for your carrier.",
        "required": true
    },
    {

>         "code":"use_sandbox",
>         "type":"checkbox",
>         "label":"Sandbox",
>         "description":"When enabled sandbox mode is used",

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
        "code": "use_sandbox",
        "type": "checkbox",
        "label": "Sandbox",
        "description": "When enabled sandbox mode is used",
```

Some inconsistent whitespace in this block.

        "required": false
    }
]
```

Settings Configurations

> ```json

Reviewer 4: 👁️ Some invalid JSON in this block.

> Settings Configurations

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```

- A description of the app
- [Your service URLs](#your-service-urls)
- [Whether you prefer single-carrier or multi-carrier status](#single-carrier-versus-multi-carrier-apps)

> - [Carrier configurations (Optional. If unsure leave this out)](#carrier-configurations)

Author: Thanks @bc-andreadao

I have updated

> - [Carrier configurations](#carrier-configurations): Optional. If unsure leave this out.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Carrier configurations](#carrier-configurations): Optional. If unsure, leave this out.
```
